in this section,
we're gonna be going over the pros and
cons of having Ubuntu on your board.
When you first go and
try to download these images,
you'll notice that it says Linaro.
Linaro is actually the Ubuntu version for
arm devices.
So in our cases, the Dragonboard
is an arm architecture device.
So therefore,
we are going to use Linaro specifically.
Now Ubuntu's really, really good in the
sense that it's a desktop environment, and
usually it's used for people who wanna
have a desktop experience or to run their
own web server, or FTP server,
any type of server that they can choose.
And due to that,
there's a really really wide versatility
in a bunch of stuff that you can do,
like different possible things,
you could have a web server on there.
You can have it act as
a micro controller for
controlling robotics, you can just have
it there for you personal gaming pc or
something like that,
maybe not as powerful but.
>> Probably not as powerful.
>> Yeah.
>> Another addition, at least we think
is a good aspect of Ubuntu is that It's
not limited to a single programming tool.
So as you may have heard from
the previous section, Android is kind
of limited to Java whereas Ubuntu,
because it is running a desktop server or
a desktop environment, it could run
C Python and other tools like that.
And also one down side to that
is that there's not standard or
resulting it's kind of
more work around for you,
in that simple tasks may be
a bit more difficult than usual.
>> With Ubuntu you generally
have a higher learning curve.
But once you kind of reach
that level of knowledge,
then you become a big master and
you can do everything you want.
But again, it takes a lot of
work to get to that point.
Whereas with Android, it's just, you get
right into it and start programming.